SYSADMIN -> security@frontier.infolink.kin. Advanced Gear and You ` When threats start to intensify, standard gear may not work. As Layenia station is a recycled facility from NT subsystems, you don't have access to Holostasis Projectors and Blaze Javelins- however, there should be some noteworthy items in the armory should the threat level support it. ` ` DRAGnet ` A strong, versatile tool which is capable of teleporting those left within it's field once the charge is complete. This mode is semi-useless, however, it has an alternative fire which shoots an energy snare and trap. If it directly hits someone, it knocks them down and ties their legs together, making movement difficult. If it misses, it will deploy a trap on the ground that will snare anyone who steps on it, even yourself. Caution advised; please remember that this item may not work on animals and silicons. ` ` Blaster carbine ` An outdated and unreliable laser weapon to the likes of Kinaris's own, however it serves it's own purpose in light engagements. It's main firing mode is a disabler bolt of energy that is capable of slowly draining the stamina of a target. The alternate fire mode heats up the lasers intensely, causing them to be that much more lethal and burning. Avoid using this mode when unnecessary. Needs to be recharged after energy capacity is lost. ` ` Blaster rifle ` Similar to the carbine, this is a very old model of laser weaponry. However, it lacks a nonlethal option and has only one lethal firing mode. Because of this, it has a higher energy capacity and damage rate. Needs to be recharged after energy capacity is lost. ` ` Riot shotgun ` A pump-action shotgun that is not automatic. Load a round in, rack the shotgun, turn off the safety, and fire. Ammo types can be nonlethal beanbag slugs, which still do a slight amount of bruising, but aim to disable effectively with sheer stopping power compared to it's lethal counterpart. This weapon has a maximum ammo capacity of 6 at a time. Not to be confused with automatic combat shotguns, which don't need to be racked after it's been fired. ` ` Riot armor and shields ` A very bulky suit that is capable of stopping most blunt force in it's tracks. Best used with a shield, but it overall slows the wearer down. Not very worth it; you'd be better off trying not to tank damage. ` ` Reflector vest ` A worn vest with a toggle that is capable of reflecting energy projectiles from once they came. Ensure that the toggle is turned on, and the vest is applied properly. This will not protect against ballistics and melee. ` ` Ion rifle ` A bulky weapon that is capable of shooting ionized energy blasts that can disrupt mechanical subsystems and disable them in an area of effect. This is especially effective against cyborgs and mechs, as well as an augmented crew member. Otherwise, this may cause a lot of damage to the station itself. ` ` Security temperature gun ` A single-fire weapon that can blast either freezing-cold or blazing-hot waves of energy onto a target. This is especially effective against animals that struggle against extreme temperatures, such as using the cold mode on a slime. Be wary that it is lethal.