SYSADMIN -> security@frontier.infolink.kin. Basic Gear and You ` Not only must an SSP know what mindset to be in, they must also recognize the effects of their gear and items, as well as when they're needed. This section will cover some items, and how they can be useful given certain circumstances. Note that Layenia Station is using much older, and has access to less state-of-the-art technology, as it is using recycled Nanotrasen subsystems. ` ` Handcuffs ` A tool utilized for restraining criminals on the wrists. Apply on both wrists, fasten and lock. These should only be used when transporting prisoners, NOT when they're in a cell. Can only be applied on creatures with applicable limbs. ` ` Flash ` A device with a bright bulb, used to temporarily disorient visuals, both on cyborgs and living creatures. While harmless, extended use may result in eye damage. Using in hand will result in an area of flash, while using against another will flash that specific being. Useless against anything with flash protection ` ` Pepperspray ` A small nozzle used to spray irritant chemicals, most effective when used on the eyes of a living being who is not wearing eye protection. Otherwise, this item services as nothing more than an irritating spray. Can be refilled. ` ` Stunbaton ` An electrically charged rod with a prod on the end, which can be activated to deal incredible amounts of stamina drain. This is your primary melee-ranged tool, which should be applied to criminals approximately four times (size may vary, or until target is exhausted) followed up by handcuffing. Do not hit harmfully with this without just cause; requires a recharge after frequent use, and can be upgraded with better power cells. ` ` Flashbang ` A chemical payload that will prime upon activation, and will explode into a disorienting blast after a few seconds. Requires flash and ear protection to completely nullify it's effects, but being too close can override that. This is a prime tool for crowd control, and should only be used when it's absolutely necessary. Effective for dispersing crowds. ` ` Taser ` A handheld sidearm that is capable of launching an electric volt of energy which can temporarily stun and disarm most attackers via electric shock to the muscles. It can have it's firing mode switched to a disabler mode, which is capable of draining the stamina of the target, without the stun. Use only on creatures that aren't immune.