SYSADMIN -> security@frontier.infolink.kin. Introduction ` The act of securing and protection any Kinaris asset is not an easy one. Difficulty can range from monotanous and dreary, to outright hellish and overwhelming. It is a SSP's job to ensure that regardless of circumstance, they are both mentally and physically equipped to deal with any situation that may come up. This section will cover the very basics of what you need to know to be educated in the instance of standard security work. ` To act as a SSP, the first step would be to think like one. Sentient Security Personnel are equipped with a plethora of both resources and gear to apprehend criminals, as well an array of support from the station and heads alike. Do not betray your station's trust. Your job as an SSP should be- above all- securing peace. Before anything, you should always consider the outcome of your actions, and others' as well. A responsible SSP would understand when a good time to use a baton is, and when words will allow a better outcome. Lack of this proper resolve may result in uneasiness around your workplace, both from your team and those you are to protect. This is not only grounds for demotion when abuse is repeated, but may result in an abusive SSP's inevitable lynching. These effects can snowball into much worse; so ensure that you and your team are well-communicative, and are proper in terms of gear use and protocol. Catch problems at the source. Think like a proper SSP. ` Following up a proper mindset, it is important to note the infinite complexity that situations may involve themselves in. A responsible SSP will always keep in mind truths and lies when proposed with a situation, and must acknowledge that their guess can be wrong as well. Following Kinaris Security Protocol to the letter may also be problematic, due to the malleable nature that people can involve themselves within. Leeway is important to give when necessary, and a firm hand provided otherwise. Know when to apply proper protocol, and when to give leeway.